why howdy there internet people its
Bella again so tonight we're going to
talk about coins rads definitions
correlations all kinds of things but
mainly we're going to talk about legends
love legends love old legends because
they put you inside the mind of the
people of the time but you know what
they thought well you know what they
were afraid of what you know how those
beliefs created the scars of history
that we still deal with today they are a
Link to the Past a good example of this
is our coins there's a legend
surrounding us coin specifically two of
them one the Roosevelt dime the other
the Kennedy half-dollar keep in mind
both these guys were kind of liberal all
right that's important now at the neck
of Roosevelt on the dime you'll see the
letters J s and at the neck of Kennedy
on the half-dollar you'll see what
appears to be a hammer and sickle now in
the 1960s because of the Red Scare and
how deeply that impacted the United
States this was proof positive that the
Soviets had infiltrated the US
government to the deepest levels and
were sending coded messages back to
Moscow the jas was said to have stand
for separate they said to have stood for
Joseph Stalin in reality stood for John
senic the guy who designed the dime and
the hammer and sickle is really a G&R
Gilroy Roberts the guy who designed the
half-dollar
but that legend exists it was believed
it still has to be debunked today
because of those scars that were created
the very idea
socialist that term it now gets leveled
as an insult you're a socialist and
maybe if your far right fine it's an
insult but it perpetuated this idea that
they will infiltrate that they will
sneak in that nobody is being honest and
that they're out to get us the reality
is we don't have any well I don't say we
don't have any we do not have any major
political figures in the United States
advocating for socialism none Bernie no
AOC no not at all until you hear
candidates start talking about worker
control of the means of production or
seizing the means of production stuff
like this they're not socialists they're
not even leftist really there to the
left of what exists in the United States
but they're not really leftist until
they cross into that territory and
that's that's the key phrase you need to
look for Bernie and aoc are Social
Democrats the policies they advocate are
the Social Democrat and again there's
that correlation just like with the two
liberals and the symbols there's that
correlation social democratic socialists
they got to be the same thing they're
not they're not to flip that around I
want you to picture an American
Republican and all that that entails and
then picture an Irish one many
historically I would say most were
literal socialists the words don't mean
anything it's just a correlation it's
not causation
this habit in the American people of not
looking deeper into things leads them to
see two and two and come up with 29 it
happens a lot this is how friends
theories develop and I can show you how
to get fostered and what if I told you
that one person was at the scene of
three different presidents being taken
out and not just was he there
but in the weeks before one of them
the shooters brother saved his life
talking about Robert Lincoln he had just
shown up at the theater and then his
life had been saved by a Booth's brother
just a few weeks before stopped him from
getting run over over the years he was
there for Garfield and McKinley why is
it because he had something to do with
it I mean he did have some shady ties
especially to wedding what was the
military industrial complex at the time
or was it because he was a beltway
insider before there was a Beltway he
was a DC insider so he was at these
events the correlation doesn't
necessarily mean that he did it did he
had anything to do with that habit of
never scratching and getting below the
surface of how something appears is why
Americans in general but specifically
the right wing fall for the same stuff
over and over again because because they
tend to believe in romantic ideas of
nationalism they fall for anything that
threatens that anything that is seen to
threaten their their mythology
they believe because it's based on fear
the world the world moves left
historically that that's what's happened
throughout time and it will continue to
happen so if you look at it from a long
enough timeline you may see things that
appear to be infiltration but the
reality is it's just a legend and
historically things move left I always
have understand that from the systems of
the time Washington Adams pain these
guys they were far left those terms
weren't used at the time but that's what
they were they were the Liberals the far
far liberals it's just the course of
human events anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night